we'll go to do a snack and a dessert the
snack is a butter it's like the one we
got in the street earlier on
it's your the lentil door not so Easter
hot should we Oh rad dull dull means
lentil and this one's a type of mung
bean chickpeas rice flour all of you out
there with allergies or kind of little
quirks
this is wheat free hi it's good for all
you blotches this baking powder
generally when you're making a butter
you leave it to ferment overnight that's
just leave it to kind of go gurgle e
however we want a quick hit so just put
half a teaspoon full of baking powder in
it that'll bubble it up nice chopped
onions a garam masala fennel seeds 2
chopped chilies 10 curry leaves chopped
fine coriander finely chopped salt
asafoetida massive edita I think it's
pronounced as aphid eater
that's what Delia called it once I think
so it's got to be right now it's got to
be kind of norm
he's a gum extracted from the root of
the US of A dieter plant it's very
aromatic a little pinch added - Indian
food gives a really really specific
flavor give it a quick stir just
everything nicely caught it with the
flour and put it into a blender it needs
to be pureed very very fine I think
don't be put off by the acrid green
color this is a good thing
Munya furnace so with the damp clean
hands form a perfect green door not now
the hole is not simply traditional it's
practical too because it means it's
crunchy on the inside so you've got mark
routes for your crisps more crispier
crunch place gently into the crumbling
oil
and get fabricating they vary throughout
south india the butters some a kind of
very thin batter ones others like this
like falafel your the really quite thick
and heavy and it's for me the stand that
we visited it had both types we're going
to decorate our bodies with some curry
leaves deep fried of course they voila
they look delicious